hey guys Sean here at Mahal comm and in
today's lesson I'm going to show you how
to create music CDs in Windows 7
creating music CDs in Windows 7 is very
simple and easy process to add any music
you have to a CD simply right click and
add it to the drive to do this I'll just
view some music I have clicking on the
Start menu then music for instance in
the sample music let's say I like to add
these three items to my CD just
highlight the three items right click on
them and then send to I'll send it to
the DVD RW Drive now this could be
different for you it could be a CD Drive
it could be a blu-ray drive as long as
it's a writable drive they can write to
CDs now I like to select with the CD DVD
player now I can also tight on my disc
here at the top alright next and there
you go these items are listed as being
on the DVD Drive and these atoms are
slightly translucent and that just shows
they are ready to be written and they're
not written to the disk it just simply
write these to the disk I'll just click
on burn to disc and again I can decide
the title of the disc also the recording
speed you can leave the recording speed
is default settings although if you do
have problems with the CDs as far as the
recording process not completing all the
way I do suggest turning down the
recording speed maybe to a 24 4 or 16
then it next this is where you decide
whether or not you'd like to play your
CD in a car stereo for instance or on
another computer for instance I'd like
to play this CD in my car stereo so I'll
select an audio CD for standard audio CD
players then hit next now the items are
brought up a Windows Media Player and
from here you can just click on start
burn the reason these files are brought
up in Windows Media Player is f to be
converted in a format that can be played
on a standard CD player so from here I
just click on start burn
right now at the bottom of the screen we
can see the status of our CD being
burned the status is also displayed next
to the CD in the top right at the screen
you do not want to eject the disc for
any reason during this process because
your CD will be useless
there you go the CDs is ejected and the
burning process is complete and if I
wanted I could put this in my car stereo
or standard CD player and that's it and
now you know how to burn an audio CD to
play in a CD player in Windows 7 if
you'd like to stay connect to this
learning course make sure to subscribe
and feel free to rate and comment below
and thanks for watching
you